I heard from Dean Wang that someone is embarrassing you
I specially came to see
Also, I have already sent an invitation.
Three days later, a dinner party will be held at Jufu Pavilion
Publicly announce that you inherit Huacan Group
Can'er, you finally found your grandfather
Don't get mad anymore
Mom, don't worry.
I will never forget the kindness of your upbringing
Dinner in three days
For Caner
The most important moment of his life
Please also attend
I really want to go
But my body doesn't allow it
When I recover
Celebrate with Cang'er again
Eh
How did that happen?
Let you bring that rebel back
Is it that hard?
Dad, who knew that Dr. Zhao was arrested for taking bribes?
Can't you forget the way?
It must be that trash who is deliberately infinite
Dr. Zhao, if there is no real evidence
Just by Xiao Can's threat
How could he possibly take someone away?
Why do you do it twice?
Speak for the wife who feels out of the house
I'm angry with you on purpose
Dad, I told him
What time is it now? Are you still arguing?
I'm just trying to figure it out.
What did that bad boy say to Huacan Group?
How could Huacan Group be so ruthless?
Cut off our Jiang family's way of life
Wait for Huacan Group
Do you remember your brother's name?